powerboat racing has been a staple on
both continents whether you're talking
about f1 offshore unlimited or drag boat
racing the power boats have always been
exciting and at times heart-stopping the
ever-changing surface and the lack of
suspension has not hampered these
floating rockets the fastest powerboat
in the world airs it out at over 350
miles per hour the unlimited roost at
230 miles per hour and the awesome and
outrageous drag boats are frightened we
passed the drag boats stack up is the
quickest water vehicles in the world and
by most accounts the most feared
university professors have indicated the
sensation of speed on water is roughly
twice that of plan racers like bertolli
Tolliver at a hill and former unlimited
world's land speed record holder Gary
cabbage all concur with the scholar
speed on water is frightening our boat
racing is beautiful fast and
exhilarating they draw large crowds for
a day of Sun and speed on the water how
are about racing where danger needs
beauty
you're at a power boat races
you